.\" debuginfo-install
.TH "debuginfo-install" "1" "21 October 2008" "James Antill" ""
.SH "NAME"
debuginfo-install
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBdebuginfo-install\fP package
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fBdebuginfo-install\fP is a program which installs the RPMs needed to debug
the specified package.  The package argument can be a wildcard, but will only
match installed pacakges.  \fBdebuginfo-install\fP will then enable any
debuginfo repositories, and install the relevant debuginfo rpm.
.PP 
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IP "Download and install all the RPMs needed to debug the kernel RPM:"
\fBdebuginfo-install\fP kernel
.PP
.SH "WARNING MESSAGES"
.IP "Could not find debuginfo for:"
You may sometimes see warning messages about certain packages not being found
if you run debuginfo-install for a wildcard or glob. Debuginfo packages are not 
necessary for "noarch" RPMs; these will generate a warning message.
Additionally, On 64-bit systems, no multilib debuginfo packages are 
published, so if you have 32-bit packages installed, these will also 
generate warning messages. 
.PP 
.SH "FILES"
As debuginfo-install uses YUM libraries for retrieving all the information, it
relies on YUM configuration for its default values like which repositories
to use. Consult YUM documentation for details:
.PP
.nf 
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
/var/cache/yum/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum-utils.baseurl.org/
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.
.fi
