.\" find-repos-of-install
.TH "find-repos-of-install" "1" "13 January 2013" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
find-repos-of-install \- report which Yum repository a package was installed from
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBfind-repos-of-install\fP [options] package1 [package2...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBfind-repos-of-install\fP is a program which reports the Yum repository that
a specified package was installed from.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-\-version\fP"
Report program version and exit.
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
Display a help message, and then quit.
.IP "\fB\-\-repoid=REPOID\fP"
Specify repo ids to query, can be specified multiple times (default is
all enabled).
.IP "\fB\-\-enablerepo=ENABLEREPOS\fP"
In addition to the default set, query the given additional repository, even if
it is disabled in YUM configuration.  Can be used multiple times.
.IP "\fB\-\-disablerepo=DISABLEREPOS\fP"
Do not query the given repository, even if it is enabled in YUM
configuration.  Can be used multiple times.
.IP "\fB\-\-repofrompath=REPOID,PATH/URL\fP"
Specify a path or url to a repository (same path as in a baseurl) to add to
the repositories for this query. This option can be used multiple times. If
you want to view only the pkgs from this repository combine this with
\-\-repoid. The repoid for the repository is specified by REPOID.
.IP "\fB\-C, \-\-cache\fP"
Tells repoquery to run entirely from YUM cache - does not download any metadata
or update the cache. Queries in this mode can fail or give partial/incorrect
results if the cache isn't fully populated beforehand with eg "yum makecache".
.IP "\fB\-\-tempcache\fP"
Use a temp dir for storing/accessing yum-cache.
.IP "\fB\-\-sync2yumdb\fP"
Sync anything that is found to the yumdb, if available.

.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi

.PP
.SH AUTHORS
.nf
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi
