.\" reposync
.TH "reposync" "1" "27 April 2007" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
reposync \- synchronize yum repositories to a local directory
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBreposync\fP [options]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBreposync\fP is used to synchronize a remote yum repository to a local
directory, using yum to retrieve the packages.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
Display a help message, and then quit.
.IP "\fB\-c CONFIG, \-\-config=CONFIG\fP"
Config file to use (defaults to /etc/yum.conf).
.IP "\fB\-a ARCH, \-\-arch=ARCH\fP"
Act as if running the specified arch (default: current arch, note: does
not override $releasever. x86_64 is a superset for i*86.).
.IP "\fB\-\-source\fP"
Also download .src.rpm files.
.IP "\fB\-r REPOID, \-\-repoid=REPOID\fP"
Specify repo ids to query, can be specified multiple times (default is
all enabled).
.IP "\fB\-t, \-\-tempcache\fP"
Use a temp dir for storing/accessing yum-cache.
.IP "\fB\-p DESTDIR, \-\-download_path=DESTDIR\fP"
Path to download packages to: defaults to current directory.
.IP "\fB\-g, \-\-gpgcheck\fP"
Remove packages that fail GPG signature checking after downloading.
exit status is '1' if at least one package was removed.
.IP "\fB\-u, \-\-urls\fP"
Just list urls of what would be downloaded, don't download.
.IP "\fB\-l, \-\-plugins\fP"
Enable yum plugin support.
.IP "\fB\-n, \-\-newest\-only\fP"
Download only newest packages per-repo.
.IP "\fB\-q, \-\-quiet\fP"
Output as little information as possible.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IP "Sync all packages from the 'updates' repo to the current directory:"
\fB reposync \-\-repoid=updates\fP
.IP "Sync only the newest packages from the 'updates' repo to the current directory:"
\fB reposync \-n \-\-repoid=updates\fP
.IP "Sync packages from the 'updates' and 'extras' repos to the current directory:"
\fB reposync \-\-repoid=updates \-\-repoid=extras\fP
.IP "Sync all packages from the 'updates' repo to the \fBrepos\fP directory:"
\fB reposync \-p repos \-\-repoid=updates\fP
.IP "Sync all packages from the 'updates' repo to the \fBrepos\fP directory excluding x86_64 arch. Edit \fI/etc/yum.conf\fR adding option \fBexclude=*.x86_64\fR. Then: 
\fBreposync \-p repos \-\-repoid=updates\fP
.SH "FILES"
\fBreposync\fP uses the yum libraries for retrieving information and
packages. If no configuration file is specified, the default yum
configuration will be used.
.PP
.nf 
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
