.\" repo-rss
.TH "repo-rss" "1" "2005" "Seth Vidal" ""
.SH "NAME"
repo-rss \- generates an RSS feed from one or more Yum repositories
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBrepo-rss\fP [options] repoid1 [repoid2...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fBrepo-rss\fP is a program for generating RSS feeds for one or more
Yum repositories.
.PP 
.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
Help; display a help message and then quit\&.
.IP "\fB\-f <file>\fP" 
Specify the file to which the RSS will be written.  Default is repo-rss.xml.
.IP "\fB\-l <link>\fP" 
Specify the URL to the RSS feed.  Default is http://yum.baseurl.org/.
.IP "\fB\-t <title>\fP"
Specify the title for the RSS feed.  Default is "RSS Repository - Recent Packages".
.IP "\fB\-d <description>\fP"
Specify the description of the RSS feed.  Default is "Most recent packages in Repositories".
.IP "\fB\-r <days>\fP"
Specify the number of days to consider most recent.  Default is 3.
.IP "\fB\-\-tempcache\fP"
Enable the use of a temporary directory for the yum cache.  This is enabled by
default for non-root users.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IP "Generate an RSS for the updates-released repository and save it as updates-release.xml:"
\fBrepo-rss \-f updates-released.xml updates-released\fP
.PP 
.SH "FILES"
As repo-rss uses YUM libraries for retrieving all the information, it
relies on YUM configuration for its default values like which repositories
to use. Consult YUM documentation for details:
.PP
.nf 
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
/var/cache/yum/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
