.\" repodiff
.TH "repodiff" "1" "21 October 2008" "James Antill" ""
.SH "NAME"
repodiff
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBrepodiff\fP --old=old_repo_baseurl --new=new_repo_baseurl
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fBrepodiff\fP is a program which will list differences between two sets of 
repositories.  \fBNote\fP that by default only source packages are compared.
.PP 
.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-\-old, -o\fP"
Add a repo. as an old repo.
.IP "\fB\-\-new, -n\fP"
Add a repo. as an new repo.
.IP "\fB\-\-archlist, -a\fP"
Add architectures to change the default from just comparing source packages.
Note that if you want the same as a native
"x86_64" architecture machine you just need to pass "x86_64" (this is different
from earlier versions where you needed to specify
"x86_64,athlon,i686,i586,i486,i386,noarch" and you still got "src").
.IP "\fB\-\-size, -s\fP"
Ouput additional data about the size of the changes.
.IP "\fB\-\-compare-arch\fP"
Normally packages are just compared based on their name, this flag makes the
comparison also use the arch. So foo.i386 and foo.x86_64 are different.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IP "Compare source pkgs in two local repos:"
\fBrepodiff --old=/tmp/repo-old --new=/tmp/repo-new\fP
.IP "Compare x86_64 compat. binary pkgs in two remote repos, and two local one:"
\fBrepodiff -a x86_64 --old=http://example.com/repo1-old --old=/tmp/repo-old --new=http://example.com/repo1-new --new=/tmp/repo-new\fP
.IP "Compare x86_64 compat. binary pkgs, but also compare arch:"
\fBrepodiff -a x86_64 --compare-arch --old=http://example.com/repo1-old --old=/tmp/repo-old --new=http://example.com/repo1-new --new=/tmp/repo-new\fP
.PP 

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
