.\" repoquery 
.TH "repoquery" "1" "17 October 2005" "Panu Matilainen" ""
.SH "NAME"
repoquery \- query information from Yum repositories
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBrepoquery\fP [options] <item ...>
.br
\fBrepoquery\fP \-a [options]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fBrepoquery\fP is a program for querying information from YUM repositories
similarly to rpm queries.
.PP 
.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-\-querytags\fP"
List valid queryformat tags and exit.
.IP "\fB\-\-version\fP"
Report program version and exit.
.IP "\fB\-\-repoid=<repo>\fP"
Specify which repository to query. Using this option disables all repositories
not explicitly enabled with \-\-repoid option (can be used multiple times). By
default repoquery uses whatever repositories are enabled in YUM configuration.
.IP "\fB\-\-enablerepo=<repo>\fP"
In addition to the default set, query the given additional repository, even if
it is disabled in YUM configuration.  Can be used multiple times.
.IP "\fB\-\-disablerepo=<repo>\fP"
Do not query the given repository, even if it is enabled in YUM
configuration.  Can be used multiple times.
.IP "\fB\-\-repofrompath=<repoid>,<path/url>\fP"
Specify a path or url to a repository (same path as in a baseurl) to add to
the repositories for this query. This option can be used multiple times. If
you want to view only the pkgs from this repository combine this with
\-\-repoid. The repoid for the repository is specified by <repoid>.
.IP "\fB\-\-plugins\fP"
Enable YUM plugin support.
.IP "\fB\-q, \-\-query\fP"
For rpmquery compatibility, doesn't do anything.
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
Help; display a help message and then quit\&.
.IP "\fB\-\-quiet\fP" 
Run quietly: no warnings printed to stderr.
.IP "\fB\-\-verbose\fP"
Produce verbose output.
.IP "\fB\-C, \-\-cache\fP" 
Tells repoquery to run entirely from YUM cache - does not download any metadata
or update the cache. Queries in this mode can fail or give partial/incorrect
results if the cache isn't fully populated beforehand with eg "yum makecache".
.IP "\fB\-\-nolock\fP"
Disable locking the yum cache. This is needed as any yum API caller can alter
the repo. metadata cache, unless it is locked. This automatically enables the
--cache and --tempcache options, to try to lower the riskiness.
.IP "\fB\-\-tempcache\fP"
Create and use a private cache instead of the main YUM cache. This is used
by default when run as non-root user.
.IP "\fB\-c <config file>, \-\-config=<config file>\fP"
Use alternative config file (default is /etc/yum.conf).
.IP "\fB\-\-releasever=version\fP"
Pretend the current release version is the given string. This is very useful
when combined with \-\-installroot. You can also use \-\-releasever=/ to take
the releasever information from outside the installroot.
Note that with the default upstream cachedir, of /var/cache/yum, using this
option will corrupt your cache (and you can use $releasever in your cachedir
configuration to stop this).
.IP "\fB\-\-installroot=root\fP"
Specifies an alternative installroot, relative to which all packages will be
installed. Think of this like doing "chroot <root> yum" except using
\-\-installroot allows yum to work before the chroot is created.
Note: You may also want to use the option \-\-releasever=/ when creating the
installroot as otherwise the $releasever value is taken from the rpmdb within
the installroot (and thus. will be empty, before creation).
.IP "\fB\-\-setopt=option=value\fP"
Set any config option in yum config or repo files. For options in the global 
config just use: \-\-setopt=option=value for repo options use: \-\-setopt=repoid.option=value

.PP 
.SH "PACKAGE QUERY OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB\-i, \-\-info\fP"
Show general information about package similarly to "rpm \-qi"
.IP "\fB\-l, \-\-list\fP"
List files in package.
.IP "\fB\-R, \-\-requires\fP"
List package dependencies.
.IP "\fB\-\-resolve\fP"
When used with \-\-requires, resolve capabilities to originating packages.
.IP "\fB\-\-provides\fP"
List capabilities package provides.
.IP "\fB\-\-obsoletes\fP"
List capabilities obsoleted by package.
.IP "\fB\-\-conflicts\fP"
List capabilities conflicting with package.
.IP "\fB\-\-changelog\fP"
List package changelog.
.IP "\fB\-\-location\fP"
Show a location where the package could be downloaded from.
For example: \fBwget `repoquery \-\-location yum`\fP
.IP "\fB\-s, \-\-source\fP"
Show package source RPM name. 
.IP "\fB\-\-srpm\fP"
Operate on corresponding source RPM.
.IP "\fB\-\-groupmember PACKAGE\fP"
List the repodata groups (yumgroups.xml) belongs to (if any).
.IP "\fB\-\-nvr\fP"
Use name-version-release output format (rpm query default)
.IP "\fB\-\-nevra\fP"
Use name-epoch:version-release.architecture output format (default)
.IP "\fB\-\-envra\fP"
Use epoch:name-version-release.architecture output format 
(easier to parse than nevra)
.IP "\fB\-\-qf=FORMAT, \-\-queryformat=FORMAT\fP"
Specify custom output format for queries. You can add ":date", ":day" and
":isodate" to all the tags that are a time, and you can add ":k", ":m", ":g",
":t" and ":h" to sizes. You can also specify field width as in
sprintf (Eg. %-20{name})
.IP "\fB\-\-output [text|ascii-tree|dot-tree]\fP"
Output format which can be used with \-\-requires/\-\-whatrequires/\-\-obsoletes/\-\-conflicts.
Default output is 'text'.
.IP "\fB\-\-level [all|any int]\fP"
In combination with \-\-output ascii-tree|dot-tree this option specifies the
number of level to print on the tree. Default level is 'all'.
.PP 

.SH "PACKAGE SELECTION OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB\-a, \-\-all\fP"
Query all available packages (for rpmquery compatibility / shorthand for 
repoquery '*')
.IP "\fB\--show-duplicates\fP"
Query all versions of packages.
.IP "\fB\-f, \-\-file FILE\fP"
Query package owning FILE.
.IP "\fB\-\-whatobsoletes CAPABILITY\fP"
Query all packages that obsolete CAPABILITY.
.IP "\fB\-\-whatconflicts CAPABILITY\fP"
Query all packages that conflict with CAPABILITY.
.IP "\fB\-\-whatprovides CAPABILITY\fP"
Query all packages that provide CAPABILITY.
.IP "\fB\-\-whatrequires CAPABILITY\fP"
Query all packages that require CAPABILITY.
.IP "\fB\-\-alldeps\fP"
When used with \-\-whatrequires, look for non-explicit dependencies in
addition to explicit ones (e.g. files and Provides in addition to
package names).  This is the default.
.IP "\fB\-\-exactdeps\fP"
When used with \-\-whatrequires, search for dependencies only exactly as given.
This is effectively the opposite of \-\-alldeps.
.IP "\fB\-\-recursive\fP"
When used with \-\-whatrequires, and \-\-requires \-\-resolve, query packages
recursively.
.IP "\fB\-\-archlist=ARCH1[,ARCH2...]\fP"
Limit the query to packages of given architecture(s). Valid values are all
architectures known to rpm/yum such as 'i386' and 'src' for
source RPMS. Note that repoquery will now change yum's "arch" to the first
value in the archlist. So "\-\-archlist=i386,i686" will change yum's canonical
arch to i386, but allow packages of i386 and i686.
.IP "\fB\-\-pkgnarrow=WHAT\fP"
Limit what packages are considered for the query. Valid values for WHAT are:
installed, available, recent, updates, extras, all and repository (default).
.IP "\fB\-\-installed\fP"
Restrict query ONLY to installed pkgs - disables all repos and only acts on rpmdb.

.PP
.SH "GROUP QUERY OPTIONS" 
.PP
.IP "\fB\-i, \-\-info\fP"
Show general information about group.
.IP "\fB\-l, \-\-list\fP"
List packages belonging to (required by) group.
.IP "\fB\-\-grouppkgs=WHAT\fP"
Specify what type of packages are queried from groups. Valid values for WHAT
are all, mandatory, default, optional.
.IP "\fB\-\-requires\fP"
List groups required by group.
.PP
.SH "GROUP SELECTION OPTIONS" 
.PP
.IP "\fB\-a\fP"
Query all available groups.
.IP "\fB\-g, \-\-group\fP"
Query groups instead of packages.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IP "List all packages whose name contains 'perl':"
\fBrepoquery \(aq*perl*\(aq\fP
.IP "List all packages depending on openssl:"
\fBrepoquery \-\-whatrequires openssl\fP
.IP "List all package names and the repository they come from, nicely formatted:"
\fBrepoquery \-a \-\-qf "%-20{repoid} %{name}"\fP
.IP "List name and summary of all available updates (if any), nicely formatted:"
\fBrepoquery \-a \-\-pkgnarrow=updates \-\-qf "%{name}:\\n%{summary}\\n"\fP
.IP "List optional packages in base group:"
\fBrepoquery \-g \-\-grouppkgs=optional \-l base\fP
.IP "List build requirements from 'anaconda' source rpm:"
\fBrepoquery \-\-requires anaconda.src\fP
.IP "List packages which BuildRequire gail-devel"
\fBrepoquery \-\-archlist=src \-\-whatrequires gail-devel\fP
  NB: This command will only work if you have repositories enabled which include srpms.

.\"TODO: Add more examples...

.PP
.SH "MISC"
.IP "\fBSpecifying package names\fP"
A package can be referred to in all queries with any 
of the following:
.IP
.br
\fBname\fP
.br
\fBname.arch\fP
.br
\fBname-ver\fP
.br
\fBname-ver-rel\fP
.br
\fBname-ver-rel.arch\fP
.br
\fBname-epoch:ver-rel.arch\fP
.br
\fBepoch:name-ver-rel.arch\fP
.IP
For example: \fBrepoquery \-l kernel-2.4.1-10.i686\fP
.br
Additionally wildcards (shell-style globs) can be used.

.PP 
.SH "FILES"
As repoquery uses YUM libraries for retrieving all the information, it
relies on YUM configuration for its default values like which repositories
to use. Consult YUM documentation for details:
.PP
.nf 
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
/var/cache/yum/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
