.\" repoclosure
.TH "repoclosure" "1" "13 January 2013" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
repoclosure \- display a list of unresolved dependencies for a yum repository
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBrepoclosure\fP [options]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBrepoclosure\fP is a program that reads package metadata from one or more yum
repositories, checks all dependencies, and displays a list of packages with
unresolved dependencies.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
Display a help message, and then quit.
.IP "\fB\-c CONFIG, \-\-config=CONFIG\fP"
Config file to use (defaults to /etc/yum.conf).
.IP "\fB\-a ARCH, \-\-arch=ARCH\fP"
Check packages of the given archs, can be specified multiple times (default:
current arch).
.IP "\fB\-\-basearch=BASEARCH\fP"
Set the basearch for yum to run as.
.IP "\fB\-b, \-\-builddeps\fP"
Check build dependencies only (needs source repos enabled).
.IP "\fB\-l LOOKASIDE, \-\-lookaside=LOOKASIDE\fP"
Specify a lookaside repo id to query, can be specified multiple times.
.IP "\fB\-r REPOID, \-\-repoid=REPOID\fP"
Specify repo ids to query, can be specified multiple times (default is
all enabled).
.IP "\fB\-t, \-\-tempcache\fP"
Use a temp dir for storing/accessing yum-cache.
.IP "\fB\-q, \-\-quiet\fP"
Run quietly: no warnings printed to stderr.
.IP "\fB\-n, \-\-newest\fP"
Check only the newest packages in the repos.
.IP "\fB\-\-repofrompath=REPOID,PATH/URL\fP"
Specify a path or url to a repository (same path as in a baseurl) to add to
the repositories for this query. This option can be used multiple times. If
you want to view only the pkgs from this repository combine this with
\-\-repoid. The repoid for the repository is specified by REPOID.
.IP "\fB\-p PKG, \-\-pkg=PKG\fP"
Check closure for this package only
.IP "\fB\-g GROUP, \-\-group=GROUP\fP"
Check closure for packages in this group only

.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi

.PP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi
