.\" show-changed-rco
.TH "show-installed" "1" "30 March 2011" "James Antill" ""
.SH "NAME"
show\-changed-\-rco \- show changes in an RPM package
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBshow\-changed-\-rco\fP [options]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBshow\-changed-\-rco\fP gives a compact description of the changes to a
packages Requires, Conflicts and Obsoletes data from the installed (or old) to
a specified rpm file.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
show this help message and exit
.IP "\fB\-C, \-\-cache\fP" 
Tells repoquery to run entirely from YUM cache - does not download any metadata
or update the cache. Queries in this mode can fail or give partial/incorrect
results if the cache isn't fully populated beforehand with eg "yum makecache".
.IP "\fB\-c <config file>, \-\-config=<config file>\fP"
Use alternative config file (default is /etc/yum.conf).

.IP "\fB\-\-repoid=<repo>\fP"
Specify which repository to query. Using this option disables all repositories
not explicitly enabled with --repoid option (can be used multiple times). By
default repoquery uses whatever repositories are enabled in YUM configuration.
.IP "\fB\-\-enablerepo=<repo>\fP"
In addition to the default set, query the given additional repository, even if
it is disabled in YUM configuration.  Can be used multiple times.
.IP "\fB\-\-disablerepo=<repo>\fP"
Do not query the given repository, even if it is enabled in YUM
configuration.  Can be used multiple times.
.IP "\fB\-\-repofrompath=<repoid>,<path/url>\fP"
Specify a path or url to a repository (same path as in a baseurl) to add to
the repositories for this query. This option can be used multiple times. If
you want to view only the pkgs from this repository combine this with
--repoid. The repoid for the repository is specified by <repoid>.

.IP "\fB\-\-old-packages=<pkg>\fP"
Explicitly list the valid old packages to match the new packages against.
.IP "\fB\-\-ignore-arch\fP"
Ignore arch. so you can compare foo-2.i686 to foo-1.x86_64.
.IP "\fB\-\-skip-new\fP"
Only give output for packages which we've found an old package for.

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
