.\" show-installed
.TH "show-installed" "1" "21 October 2010" "Florian Festi" ""
.SH "NAME"
show\-installed
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBshow\-installed\fP [options]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBshow\-installed\fP gives a compact description of the packages installed (or given) making use of the comps groups found in the repositories.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
show this help message and exit
.TP
.B \-f FORMAT, \-\-format=FORMAT
yum, kickstart or human; yum gives the result as a yum command line; kickstart the content of a %packages section; "human" readable is default.
.TP
.B \-i INPUT, \-\-input=INPUT
File to read the package list from instead of using the rpmdb. \- for stdin. The file must contain package names only separated by white space (including newlines). rpm \-qa \-\-qf='%{name}
' produces proper output.
.TP
.B \-o OUTPUT, \-\-output=OUTPUT
File to write the result to. Stdout is used if option is omited.
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
Do not show warnings.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-no\-excludes
Only show groups that are installed completely. Do not use exclude lines.
.TP
.B \-\-global\-excludes
Print exclude lines at the end and not after the groups requiring them.
.TP
.B \-\-global\-addons
Print package names at the end and not after the groups offering them as addon.
.TP
.B \-\-addons\-by\-group
Also show groups not selected to sort packages contained by them. Those groups are commented out with a "# " at the begin of the line.
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-allow\-mandatories
Check if just installing the mandatory packages gives better results. Uses "." to mark those groups.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-allow\-all
Check if installing all packages in the groups gives better results. Uses "*" to mark those groups.
.TP
.B \-\-ignore\-missing
Ignore packages missing in the repos.
.TP
.B \-\-ignore\-missing\-excludes
Do not produce exclude lines for packages not in the repository.

.fi
