.\" yum aliases plugin
.TH "yum-aliases" "1" "31 March 2008 " "James Antill" ""
.SH "NAME"
yum aliases plugin
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fByum\fP [options] alias
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This plugin changes other commands in \fByum\fP, much like the alias command in
bash. There are a couple of notable differences from shell style aliases
though. The alias command has three forms:
.br
.I \fR * alias
.br
.I \fR * alias command
.br
.I \fR * alias command result
.br
.PP 
The first form lists all current aliases with their final result, the second
form looks up a "command" and shows it's final result or an error message. The
last form creates a new alias.
.PP 
.br
.br
.PP 
.SH Explanation of alias to final result conversion
.PP 
When you type an aliased command, like "yum --disableexcludes UPT lsu" using
the default aliases, the yum-aliases plugin first takes the first "command", by
skipping over any options, and then looks up the result (in this case "UPT" is converted to "--enablerepo=updates-testing"). If there is a match, then it will
replace the aliased "command" in the argument list and try again (again
skipping over any options). By convention, in the default aliases list, alias
"commands" that are in all CAPS only add options so you can join together a
chain of them before any real command or aliased command.
.br
.PP
There are two things that can alter the above, if you have the "recursive"
configuration option set to off then alias processing will stop after the first
alias to command substitution. Also, like in shell aliases, if the result starts
with \\ then alias processing will stop.
.br
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To create a new alias command called "rm" which does the same thing as the
command "remove" use:
.IP
yum
.B alias
rm remove
.PP
To always add the --skip-broken --disableexcludes=all --obsoletes options to
the update command (but leaving the upgrade option alone), you could use:
.IP
yum
.B alias
update \\update  --skip-broken --disableexcludes=all --obsoletes
.PP
To override the default "up" alias to use the above update command, and never
ask for confirmation, you could use:
.IP
yum
.B alias
up update -y
.br


.SH AUTHORS
.RS
James Antill <james@and.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR yum-utils(1)
.BR yum(1)
