.\" yum-config-manager
.TH "yum-config-manager" "1" "13 January 2013" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
yum-config-manager \- manage yum configuration options and yum repositories
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fByum-config-manager\fP [options] [section ...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fByum-config-manager\fP is a program that can manage main yum configuration
options, toggle which repositories are enabled or disabled, and add new
repositories.
.PP
Unless \-\-add-repo is used, the program will output the current configuration
of the selected sections, and optionally save it back to the corresponding
files.
.PP
By default, if no positional arguments are specified, the program will select
the [main] section and each enabled repository.
You can override this by specifying your own list of sections as arguments
(these may also include disabled repositories).
A section can either be main or a repoid.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
Display a help message, and then quit.
.IP "\fB\-\-setopt=option=value\fP"
Set any config option in yum config or repo files. For options in the global
config just use: \-\-setopt=option=value for repo options use: \-\-setopt=repoid.option=value.
The latter form accepts wildcards in repoid that will be expanded to the
selected sections.
If repoid contains no wildcard, it will automatically be selected; this is
useful if you are addressing a disabled repo, in which case you don't have to
additionally pass it as an argument.
.IP "\fB\-\-save\fP"
Save the current options (useful with \-\-setopt).
.IP "\fB\-\-enable\fP"
Enable the specified repos (automatically saves). To enable all repositories run "yum-config-manager --enable \\*".
.IP "\fB\-\-disable\fP"
Disable the specified repos (automatically saves). To disable all repositories run "yum-config-manager --disable \\*".
.IP "\fB\-\-add\-repo=ADDREPO\fP"
Add (and enable) the repo from the specified file or url.
.SH "ADDITIONAL OPTIONS"
Yum-config-manager inherits all other options from yum. See the yum(8)
man page for more information.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
Show the configuration of [main] and the repos foo and bar:
.IP
\fByum-config-manager main foo bar\fP
.PP
Enable the repos foo and bar:
.IP
\fByum-config-manager --enable foo bar\fP
.PP
Change a global option:
.IP
\fByum-config-manager --setopt=installonly_limit=5 --save\fP
.PP
Change a repo option of the repo foo (works even if foo is disabled):
.IP
\fByum-config-manager --setopt=foo.skip_if_unavailable=1 --save\fP
.PP
Change a repo option of more repos at once:
.IP
\fByum-config-manager --setopt=\\*.skip_if_unavailable=1 --save foo bar baz\fP
.PP
Change a repo option of all the enabled repos:
.IP
\fByum-config-manager --setopt=\\*.skip_if_unavailable=1 --save\fP
.PP
Change a repo option of all the configured (that is, enabled and disabled)
repos:
.IP
\fByum-config-manager --setopt=\\*.skip_if_unavailable=1 --save \\*\fP

.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi

.PP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi
