.\" PROCESS THIS FILE WITH
.\" groff -man -Tascii yum-changelog.1
.\"
.TH YUM-CHANGELOG 1 "08 FEBRUARY 2007" "" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
.B yum-changelog
.SH SYNOPSIS
The
.B yum-changelog
package
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR yum-changelog(1)
is a Yum plugin for viewing package changelogs before/after updating.
yum will invoke
.BR yum-changelog(1)
plugin if the
.B --changelog
option or the
.B changelog
command is used with yum.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP --changelog
Show changelog delta of updated packages
.SH COMMANDS
.IP changelog
Show changelog data of packages since a specified point in time
.SH FILES
.I /etc/yum/pluginconf.d/changelog.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR yum-changelog.conf(5)
for more information.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
# yum
.B changelog
2008-Jan yum\*
.br
Listing changelogs since: 2008-01-18
.br
.br
yum-versionlock-1.1.11-1.fc8.noarch      installed
.br
* Wed Jan 30 17:00:00 2008 Tim Lauridsen <timlau@fedoraproject.org>
.br
- mark as 1.1.11
.br
.br
changelog stats. 33 pkgs, 12 source pkgs, 1 changelog
.br
.br
# yum update ktechlab
.B --changelog
.br
Loading "changelog" plugin
.br
Setting up Update Process
.br
Setting up repositories
.br
[..]
.br
Resolving Dependencies
.br
--> Populating transaction set with selected packages. Please wait.
.br
---> Package ktechlab.i386 0:0.3-6 set to be updated
.br
--> Running transaction check

Changes in packages about to be updated:

ktechlab - 0.3-6.i386
.br
* Wed Nov 22 23:00:00 2006 Chitlesh Goorah - 0.3-6
.br
- Rebuilt due to new gpsim-devel release
.br
.SH "FILES"
As yumdownloader uses YUM libraries for retrieving all the information, it
relies on YUM configuration for its default values like which repositories
to use. Consult YUM documentation for details:
.PP
.nf
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
/var/cache/yum/
.fi
.SH BUGS
If you happen to run across a bug, you can report it via yum@lists.linux.duke.edu or filed in bugzilla.
.SH AVAILABILITY
yum-changelog is available via:
.nf
# yum install yum-changelog
.fi
.SH AUTHORS
.RS
Chitlesh Goorah <chitlesh@fedoraproject.org>
.br
Panu Matilainen <pmatilai@laiskiainen.org>
.br
James Antill <james@and.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR yum(1)
