.\" yum-complete-transaction
.TH "yum-complete-transaction" "8" "10 December 2007" "Seth Vidal" ""
.SH "NAME"
yum-complete-transaction \- attempt to complete failed or aborted Yum transactions
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fByum-complete-transaction\fP [options]
.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
Help; display a help message and then quit\&.
.IP "\fB\-\-cleanup\-only\fP"
Only clean up only transaction journal files and exit\&.

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fByum-complete-transaction\fP is a program which finds incomplete or
aborted yum transactions on a system and attempts to complete them. It
looks at the transaction-all* and transaction-done* files which can normally
be found in /var/lib/yum if a yum transaction aborted in the middle of 
execution.
.PP
If it finds more than one unfinished transaction it will attempt to complete
the most recent one first. You can run it more than once to clean up all
unfinished transactions.
.PP 
.SH "FILES"
As yum-complete-transaction uses YUM libraries for retrieving all the information, it
relies on YUM configuration for its default values like which repositories
to use. Consult YUM documentation for details:
.PP
.nf 
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
/var/cache/yum/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
