.\" yum-debug-dump
.TH "yum-debug-restore" "1" "15 December 2011" "James Antill" ""
.SH "NAME"
yum-debug-restore \- replay Yum transactions captured in a debug-dump file
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fByum-debug-restore\fP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fByum-debug-restore\fP is a program which takes a gzipped file created by
\fByum-debug-dump\fP and acts on the information about installed packages
contained within.
.PP

.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-\-output\fP"
Output the commands that would be run to stdout.
.IP "\fB\-\-shell=<file>\fP"
Output the commands that would be run to a file.
.IP "\fB\-\-install-latest\fP"
Ask yum to install the latest version of the given packages, instead of the
version that was installed in the debug-dump file.
.IP "\fB\-\-ignore-arch\fP"
Ignore the architecture of the packages, so you can "restore" an i386 debug-dump
on an x86_64 machine.
.IP "\fB\-\-filter-types=[install,remove,update,downgrade]\fP"
Only perform the given types of commands, so you can filter to just upgrades
and installs.

.SH "FILES"
As yum-debug-restore uses YUM libraries for retrieving all the information, it
relies on YUM configuration for its default values like which repositories
to use. Consult YUM documentation for details:
.PP
.nf 
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
/var/cache/yum/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum-debug-dump (1)
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
