.\" yum verify plugin
.TH "yum-verify" "1" "01 March 2008" "James Antill" ""
.SH "NAME"
yum verify plugin
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fByum\fP [options] verify [package ...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This plugin extends \fByum\fP with some commands that give verification information on the installed system, much like rpm -V. You can change how the verification is done and which files it applies to.
.PP 
added yum \fIcommand\fPs are:
.br 
.I \fR * verify
.br 
.I \fR * verify-rpm
.br 
.I \fR * verify-all
.br 
.PP 
all of which take the same arguments as the list yum command, obviously you can
only verify packages that are installed on the system.
.PP
.br 
.br 
.PP 
.IP "\fBverify\fP"
Is the generic verification command, and is intented to give the most useful
output. It removes all false matches due to multilib and ignores changes to
configuration files by default.
.IP
.IP "\fBverify-rpm\fP"
Is meant to be 100% compatible with rpm -V output, and any differences should be
considered as bugs.
.IP
.IP "\fBverify-all\fP"
Is used to list all the differences, including some that rpm itself will ignore.
.IP
.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"
These are the options added to yum that are available in the verify commands.
They are:
.PP 
.IP "\fB\--verify-filenames\fP"
This option is used to limit the filenames that the packages will perform
verification.
.IP "\fB\--verify-configuration-files\fP"
This option is only useful in the generic verify command, and will
enable/disable verification of files that are tagged as configuration files.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
To do the same as rpm -Va, use:
.IP
yum verify-rpm
.PP
To verify the packages starting with the name yum, use:
.IP
yum verify 'yum*'
.PP
To verify the binaries that are in a bin directory, use:
.IP
yum verify --verify-filenames='*bin/*'
.PP
To verify all include files, Eg. for multilib problems, use:
.IP
yum verify-all --verify-filenames='/usr/include/*'

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum (8)
.I yum.conf (5)
.I the verify.conf file in /etc/yum/plugins.d
.fi

.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf
James Antill <james.antill@redhat.com>.
.fi

.SH "BUGS"
.nf
Currently yum-verify does not do verify-script checking or dependancy checking,
only file checking.

Should you find any other bugs, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
