.\" yum-debug-dump
.TH "yum-debug-dump" "1" "28 April 2008" "Seth Vidal" ""
.SH "NAME"
yum-debug-dump \- write system RPM configuration to a debug-dump file
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fByum-debug-dump\fP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fByum-debug-dump\fP is a program which creates a gzipped file containing a
lot of information useful to developers trying to debug a problem.
.PP
By default it will output a file to the current working directory named
yum_debug_dump-<hostname>-<time>.txt.gz. This file contains no private
information but does
contain a complete list of all packages you have installed, all packages
available in any repository, important configuration and system information.
You can view this file using the 'zless' command.
.PP 
You can use the coresponding program \fByum-debug-restore\fP to act on this file
and restore a set of packages (much like dump/restore).
.PP 
.SH "FILES"
As yum-debug-dump uses YUM libraries for retrieving all the information, it
relies on YUM configuration for its default values like which repositories
to use. Consult YUM documentation for details:
.PP
.nf 
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
/var/cache/yum/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum-debug-restore (1)
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
