.\" yum filter data plugin
.TH "yum-filter-data" "1" "04 February 2008" "James Antill" ""
.SH "NAME"
yum filter data plugin
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fByum\fP [options] [command] [package ...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This plugin extends \fByum\fP with some options, currently just for "update"
and "list update" type commands, to allow filters to be placed on which
packages should be used based on the data in those packages. Note that due to
some of the data being unknown, and thus could possibly match, all unknown data
is treated as a match.
.PP 
.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"
These are the options added to yum that are available in the "list updates", 
"info updates", "check-update" and "update" commands. They are:
.PP 
.IP "\fB\--filter-vendors\fP"
This option includes packages which have a vendor which matches one of the
passed vendor wildcard strings, or is unknown. Note that vendors can have
spaces in their value, so "," is the only way to specify multiple vendors as one
option argument.
.IP "\fB\--filter-rpm-groups\fP"
This option includes packages which have a group which matches one of the
passed rpm group wildcard strings, or is unknown. Note that rpm groups can have
spaces in their value, so "," is the only way to specify multiple rpm groups as
one option argument.
.IP "\fB\--filter-packagers\fP"
This option includes packages which have a packager which matches one of the
passed packager wildcard strings, or is unknown. Note that vendors can have
spaces in their value, so "," is the only way to specify multiple packagers as
one option argument.
.IP "\fB\--filter-licenses\fP"
This option includes packages which have a license which matches one of the
passed license wildcard strings, or is unknown. Note that licenses can have
spaces in their value, so "," is the only way to specify multiple licenses as
one option argument.
.IP "\fB\--filter-arches\fP"
This option includes packages which have a arch which matches one of the
passed arch wildcard strings, or is unknown.
.IP "\fB\--filter-committers\fP"
This option includes packages which have a committer which matches one of the
passed committer wildcard strings, or is unknown. Note that committers can have
spaces in their value, so "," is the only way to specify multiple committers as
one option argument. Also, committer values are so loosely formed that they 
could contain commas too, it is recommended to not do that but you can work
around it by using "?".
.IP "\fB\--filter-buildhosts\fP"
This option includes packages which have a buildhost which matches one of the
passed buildhost wildcard strings, or is unknown.
.IP "\fB\--filter-urls\fP"
This option includes packages which have a url which matches one of the
passed url wildcard strings, or is unknown.
.IP "\fB\--filter-package-sizes\fP"
This option includes packages which have a packagesize which is within one of
the passed packagesize ranges, or is unknown.
.IP "\fB\--filter-archive-sizes\fP"
This option includes packages which have a archivesize which is within one of
the passed archivesize ranges, or is unknown.
.IP "\fB\--filter-installed-sizes\fP"
This option includes packages which have a installedsize which is within one of
the passed installedsize ranges, or is unknown.
.IP "\fB\--filter-groups\fP"
This option includes packages which are in a yum group which matches one of the
passed yum group id strings, or is unknown. Note that yum groups can have
spaces in their value, so "," is the only way to specify multiple yum groups as
one option argument.
.PP
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
To list all updates that are 1 MB or less use:
.IP
yum --filter-package-sizes=-1m check-update
.PP
To apply updates that Dan Walsh has committed use:
.IP
yum --filter-committers=\(aqDan Walsh *\(aq update
.PP
To list updates for a specific group use:
.IP
yum --filter-rpm-groups=\(aqApp*/Sys*\(aq list updates
.PP
To apply updates to a specific set of groups use:
.IP
yum --filter-rpm-groups=\(aqApp*/System,Devel*/Lib*,System Environment/Base\(aq update
.PP
To list updates for a set of yum groups use:
.IP
yum --filter-groups=\(aqPostgreSQL Database,Web Server\(aq list updates
.PP
To apply updates to a specific set of yum groups use:
.IP
yum --filter-groups=\(aqKDE,Core,Printing Support\(aq update

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum-list-data (1)
.I yum (8)
.I yum.conf (5)
.fi

.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf
James Antill <james.antill@redhat.com>.
.fi

.SH "BUGS"
Currently yum can't filter packages in all of the commands, so for instance
"yum list \(aqyum*\(aq" doesn't get the results filtered.

Apart from that there are no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

