.TH YUM-TORRENT.CONF 5 "09 MARCH 2016" "" "File Formats"
.SH NAME
.B yum-torrent.conf(5)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yum-torrent.conf(5)
is the configuration file for
.B yum-torrent(1)
Yum plugin to download and seed packages via BitTorrent.
This configuration specifies which BitTorrent client to use, how to interact with it, and a number of timing parameters.
Of particular note is the \fB{seed_time}\fR substitution.
The benefit of using BitTorrent is partially attributable to clients contining to seed their torrents some time after they have completed their download.
.B yum-torrent(1)
employs an exponential decay algorithm seeded from the hostname and torrent info_hash.
All clients will seed for at least
.B seed_min
After that, the number of seeders will decay as the probability of other hosts also needing the same set of packages will also decrease.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/yum/pluginconf.d/yum-torrent.conf
.SH [main] OPTIONS
.IP \fBservice\fR
A specific relative path on the http repository where the
.B pkgtorrent-service(8)
is configured. See also
.B pkgtorrent-service.conf(5)
for more. Defaults to
.B /yum/torrent_service
.IP \fBclient\fR
Fully qualified path to BitTorrent client that accepts a single positional torrent filename that will download into the current working directory.
Required.
.IP \fBoptions\fR
Additional command line parameters passed to
.B client
on startup.
A substitution named
.B {seed_time}
is available.
This is measured in seconds and can be used to instruct the BitTorrent client to seed for a variable time once the download is completed.
.IP \fBcomplete\fR
The text to match anywhere from the logged stdout of the
.B client
signaling the package files have been downloaded.
This allows the client to continue to run and seed the torrent file for others.
.SH [timeouts] OPTIONS
All the values in this section are positive integers measured in seconds.
.IP \fBdownload\fR
The maximum time to wait for the message
.B complete
to appear in the log file.
If a download with the plugin fails for any reason
.B yum
will not find the downloaded rpm files in
.B /var/cache/yum
directory. It will fall back on the internal download mechanism.
.IP \fBseed_min\fR
The minimum value for \fB{seed_time}\fR. Default 900 (15 minutes).
It is recommended you set this to the same time as your configuration management interval.
.IP \fBseed_max\fR
The maximum value for \fB{seed_time}\fR. Default 86400 (1 day).
.IP \fBnullfile\fR
Delete the padding nullfiles after this time period.
.IP \fBcache\fR
At the end of each run,
.B /var/cache/yum_torrent
is examined. Any files not touched in this time period are deleted, and empty directories are removed.
Note: If yum is not run for an extended period, this garbage collection will not happen.
.SH AUTHOR
Matthew Almond <malmond@fb.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yum-torrent(1)
