.\" PROCESS THIS FILE WITH
.\" groff -man -Tascii yum-changelog.conf.5
.\"
.TH YUM-VERSIONLOCK.CONF 5 "27 JULY 2008" "" "File Formats"
.SH NAME
.B yum-versionlock.conf(5)

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yum-versionlock.conf(5)
is the configuration file for
.B yum-versionlock(1)
Yum plugin for excluding packages that aren't listed in the versionlock file.
The plugin will walk each line of the versionlock file, parse out the name
and version of the package. It will then exclude any package by that name that
doesn't match one of the versions listed within the file (or, optionally, any
obsoleter of that package).
This is basically the same as doing an exclude for the package name itself (as
you cannot exclude installed packages), but yum will still see the versions you
have installed/versionlocked as available so that "yum reinstall" will still
work, etc.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/yum/pluginconf.d/versionlock.conf
.SH FILE FORMAT
.B yum-versionlock.conf(5)
utilizes configuration options in the form of
.IP OPTION=VALUE
.SH OPTION
.IP follow_obsoletes
This option is a boolean flag which specifies if the versionlock plugin should
look at all the obsoletes, and see if any of the packages specified have an
obsoleter. If an obsoleter is found then all versions of that package will be
excluded. This option is off by default, as
.B yum-versionlock(1)
will take some time to do the obsoletes processing, and for non-rename
obsoletes any issues you had which kept you at a specific version of a package
should be different with another package.
.SH OPTION
.IP locklist
This option is a string with points to the file which will have the versionlock
information in it. Note that the file
.B has
to exist (or the versionlock plugin will make yum exit). However it can be
empty.
.SH AUTHOR
.RS
Chitlesh Goorah <chitlesh@fedoraproject.org>
.br
James Antill <james@fedoraproject.org>
.RS
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yum-versionlock(1)
