.\" PROCESS THIS FILE WITH
.\" groff -man -Tascii yum-changelog.conf.5
.\"
.TH YUM-CHANGELOG.CONF 5 "08 FEBRUARY 2007" "" "File Formats"
.SH NAME
.B yum-changelog.conf(5)

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yum-changelog.conf(5)
is the configuration file for
.B yum-changelog(1)
Yum plugin for viewing package changelogs before/after updating.
By default, this plugin will show the changelogs before the updates.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/yum/pluginconf.d/changelog.conf
.SH FILE FORMAT
.B yum-changelog.conf(5)
utilizes configuration options in the form of
.IP OPTION=VALUE
.SH OPTION
.IP when
This option reflects when
.B yum-changelog(1)
will allow changelog viewing during yum updates.
.SH VALUE
.IP pre
To make
.B yum-changelog(5)
show the changelog
.B before
the yum updates
.IP post
To make
.B yum-changelog(5)
show the changelog
.B after
the yum updates.
.SH OPTION
.IP always
This option reflects specifies if the changelog should always be shown.
.SH VALUE
.IP true
The changelog is always displayed.
.IP false
A command line option is required for the changelog to be displayed.
.SH OPTION
.IP updateinfo
This option specifies that the "changelog" from the repo. updateinfo should be
shown.
.SH VALUE
.IP true
The updateinfo is displayed.
.IP false
The updateinfo is never displayed.
.SH OPTION
.IP updateinfo_always
This option reflects specifies if the "changelog" from the repo. should always
be shown (note that if updateinfo is false then this option has no meaning).
.SH VALUE
.IP true
The updateinfo is always displayed.
.IP false
A command line option is required for the updateinfo to be displayed.
.SH AUTHOR
.RS
Chitlesh Goorah <chitlesh@fedoraproject.org>
.RS
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yum-changelog(1)
