.\" yumdownloader
.TH "yumdownloader" "1" "28 November 2005" "Gijs Hollestelle" ""
.SH "NAME"
yumdownloader \- download RPM packages from Yum repositories
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fByumdownloader\fP [options] package1 [package2...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fByumdownloader\fP is a program for downloading RPMs from Yum repositories.
.PP 
.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP"
Help; display a help message and then quit\&.
.IP "\fB\-\-destdir DIR\fP" 
Specify a destination directory for the download.  Defaults to the current directory.
.IP "\fB\-\-urls\fP"
Instead of downloading RPMs, list the URLs that would be downloaded.
.IP "\fB\-\-resolve\fP"
When downloading RPMs, resolve dependencies and also download the required packages.
.IP "\fB\-\-source\fP"
Instead of downloading the binary RPMs, download the source RPMs.
.IP "\fB\-\-archlist=ARCH1[,ARCH2...]\fP"
Limit the query to packages of given architecture(s). Valid values are all
architectures known to rpm/yum such as 'i386' and 'src' for
source RPMS. Note that repoquery will now change yum's "arch" to the first
value in the archlist. So "\-\-archlist=i386,i686" will change yum's canonical
arch to i386, but allow packages of i386 and i686.
.SH "ADDITIONAL OPTIONS"
Yumdownloader inherits all other options from yum. See the yum(8) man page
for more information

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IP "Download the kernel RPM to /var/tmp:"
\fByumdownloader \-\-destdir /var/tmp kernel\fP
.IP "List the URL for the kernel and kernel-smp RPMs:"
\fByumdownloader \-\-urls kernel kernel-smp\fP
.PP 
.SH "FILES"
As yumdownloader uses YUM libraries for retrieving all the information, it
relies on YUM configuration for its default values like which repositories
to use. Consult YUM documentation for details:
.PP
.nf 
/etc/yum.conf
/etc/yum/repos.d/
/var/cache/yum/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
.I yum.conf (5)
http://yum.baseurl.org/
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
See the Authors file included with this program.
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
There are of course no bugs, but should you find any, you should first
consult the FAQ section on http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/Faq and if unsuccessful
in finding a resolution contact the mailing list: yum-devel@lists.baseurl.org.
To file a bug use http://bugzilla.redhat.com for Fedora/RHEL/Centos
related bugs and http://yum.baseurl.org/report for all other bugs.

.fi
